take a piece of paper from the
color of a rose preferably this
piece of paper should do roughly
one-third of a sheet of A4 format in
the length that is slow of a first
times in length
and again in two in the same
meaning then that there is once in
two in the width use of
scissors to cut one-third of the
leaf keep the biggest pieces
and then and in two in width
like this
do not forget it completely kept
the right one with your hand and with the tool
used a pair of scissors to cut
like this one has to get pretty much
this form finalized well the outlines
now you have four pieces of
the same shape take the little piece of
paper and does the same thing you have to
foot twice in the direction of the
length
the shape is less precise than the
first and the water does not look like a
heart so you get eight little ones
pieces of paper
take a stick and use
leftover papers cut to make the
center of the rose like these
wanted to bend on the end of the stick and
then you have to use string
to bind the whole the coupe especially not
the piece of string
now take a small petals
of roses
and then and the like this to give him
good form
put the on the rod is fixed with it
string rotating about putting
a second like this
continue with four or five others
small petals like this
surrounded the string well with each
time
then use the big petals
once you have the shape of the
pink you want to make a knot
with the string for the support
then if you want to finalize it
take a small piece of green paper
if possible you fold three times
in length
then cut diagonally
by leaflet you have to get this
form
put glue on the green paper
and surrounded the bottom of the rose like
this
we
with a very fine piece of green paper
you can surrounded the entire stem in
putting glue in the end for good
finalize your rose